Add MidMeasureMP in LightningQubit (cpp only) (#645)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning: .github/CHANGELOG.md

### New features since last release

> * `lightning.qubit` supports mid-circuit measurements.
>   [(#621)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pull/621)
> 

Reviewer: The PR context is excellent, but I would suggest updating the changes and the changelog as follows
```suggestion
* Add `collapse` and `normalize` methods to the `StateVectorLQubit` classes, enabling "branching" of the wavefunction. Add methods to create and seed an RNG in the `Measurements` modules.
  [(#645)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pull/645)

```
